<!-- tab separated syntax: title (required)	 link_to_module_root (required)	 short description (optional)  -->
Introduction to Cybersecurity Concepts  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/e0c7d03516800b4a3af0efca5ea558cd2610c2a4/2024/introduction_to_cybersecurity_concepts This lesson introduces the importance of cybersecurity in our increasingly connected world and sets the foundation for understanding how to protect our digital assets effectively with contextual examples.
Introduction to Computational Thinking and Design Process  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/e0c7d03516800b4a3af0efca5ea558cd2610c2a4/2024/introduction_to_computational_thinking_and_the_design_process  This module introduces computational thinking and design process emphasizing key algorithmic steps necessary to conceptualize, breakdown, and solve problems. 
Introduction to microbit  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/e0c7d03516800b4a3af0efca5ea558cd2610c2a4/2024/introduction_to_microbit  Microbits are pocket-sized computers designed to make learning and teaching easy and fun. They are equipped with various sensors and inputs, allowing users to create and program a wide range of interactive projects.
Introduction to Problem Solving  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/e0c7d03516800b4a3af0efca5ea558cd2610c2a4/2024/introduction_to_problem_solving  Problem-solving is the process of finding solutions to overcome obstacles and achieve a desired outcome.
Introduction to Cryptography  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/e0c7d03516800b4a3af0efca5ea558cd2610c2a4/2024/introduction_to_cryptography  In this lesson you will be introduced to different cryptographic techniques with the help of hands-on activities.
Cybersecurity Concept-Availability  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/d5d54320b126c7596e4de3210c4adb171e16e1fb/2024/cyber_security_concept_availability  Availability in cybersecurity ensures that systems, services, and data are accessible and operational when needed by authorized users. In this lesson, we will learn how it guarantees authorized users timely access to systems and data with the help of an activity.
Cybersecurity Concept-Defense in Depth  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/75f9447529dfe3592b29a9e98a84e9e0f9eae397/2024/cyber_security_concept_defense_in_depth  Defense in depth is a multi-layered security strategy that incorporates multiple defensive mechanisms to protect information and resources. In this lesson, we will explore how to build a mini defense system using a Microbit!
Cybersecurity Concept-Integrity  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/04de907212f45c0f030883a00db4c75bf345f330/2024/cyber_security_concept_integrity  In this lesson we'll see how data, must stay unchanged and complete from creation to storage and use, to ensure it's reliability and trustworthiness. We'll even explore how to build a system that checks data integrity using a Microbit!
Cybersecurity Concept-Confidentiality  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/ae3c451adc2d5f95b4f54c3839dc6ea92c6e8196/2024/cybersecurity_concept_confidentiality  Confidentiality is a security principle that ensures information is accessible only to those authorized to view it. In this lesson, we will get hands-on with 'Confidentiality Unplugged' and explore Caesar cipher encryption on a Microbit.
How to be Cyber Awesome: Ethical  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/blob/1bb3b8e139241711108c878f09e15d654d57b38b/2024/how_to_be_cyber_awesome_ethical_ai/  In this lesson, we'll dive into Ethical AI, making sure AI is fair, transparent, and used for good, just like using a powerful tool responsibly. We'll also explore cutting-edge AI like ChatGPT and get hands-on to see AI in action.
How to be Cyber Awesome: Spoofing and Deep Fakes  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/1bb3b8e139241711108c878f09e15d654d57b38b/2024/how_to_be_cyber_awesome_Spoofing_%26_deep_fakes  In this lesson,we'll expose spoofing tactics! We'll learn how tricksters disguise themselves online, like wearing a mask to impersonate someone else. Then, we'll explore deepfakes, AI-generated videos that can be shockingly real, and how they can be used to mislead.
How to be Cyber Awesome: Password Security  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/af91b54470a0b2c5f60808eb32abc797eea1a750/2024/how_to_be_cyber_awesome_password_security  In this lesson, we will learn how to create secure passwords and explore how to test their strength with a fun Microbit activity.
How to be Cyber Awesome: Phishing  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/8342599988c7fdbf944fd5b5dd757d2ac775b797/2024/how_to_be_cyber_awesome_phishing  Phishing is a cybercrime where scammers pretend to be a trusted source to trick you into giving away your personal information, like passwords or credit card details. In this lesson, we will learn what phishing is by put our phishing radar to the test with a challenging activity.
How to be Cyber Awesome: Your Digital Footprint  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/92e013db30dae14a37763a873a35c1b6f1db8ace/2024/how_to_be_cyber_awesome_your_digital_footprint  Digital footprint is the trail of data we leave behind whenever we use the internet, from social media posts to online searches. It's Important to maintain a positive digital footprint because it can affect our reputation, opportunities and safety both now and in the future.
How to be Cyber Awesome: Personal and Private Information  https://github.com/MLHale/nebraska-gencyber-modules/tree/92e013db30dae14a37763a873a35c1b6f1db8ace/2024/how_to_be_cyber_awesome_your_personal_and_private_information  In this lesson, we will learn how important it is to be mindful of what you share online. Sharing private information and oversharing personal details can lead to various risks,including identity theft, cyberbulling, and loss of privacy.
