<!-- tab separated syntax: name (required)	 org(required)	 img link (required)	bio information  -->
Elsbeth Magilton	University of Nebraska College of Law	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2019/imgs/elsbeth.jpg	Elsbeth Magilton is the Executive Director of the Space, Cyber, and Telecommunications law programs at the University of Nebraska College of Law where she oversees program development and research. Her current focus areas include commercial space law and policy, cybersecurity, and national security. Elsbeth is admitted to practice law in the state of Nebraska and is member of the Nebraska Bar Association and the American Bar Association, including the ABA Air and Space Section. Elsbeth is a member of the American Society of International Law and serves at the Co-Chair for the Space Law Interest Group. She is a member of the National Women in Aerospace organization and hosts the U.S. State Department Visiting Leaders Program, focused on Women in STEM, Cybersecurity, and National Security, annually. Elsbeth is the law college’s principal investigator for projects serving the U.S. Strategic Command’s University Affiliated Research Center – the only such center in the Depart of Defense to include a law school in their research partnerships. In September 2018 Elsbeth and the program’s founding faculty member and Co-Director Matt Schaefer received a NASA Space Law pilot-program grant to create a nationwide network of students, faculty, and practitioners interested in space law and policy.
Drashti Bhatt	University of Nebraska Lincoln	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2019/imgs/drashti.jpg	Drashti Bhatt is Director of IT, Data Analytics & Application Development at the University of Nebraska Lincoln. She was born and brought up in India and came to the US in 2014, after she got married to her husband. She holds a Masters in Computer Application & Information Technology from India and started her career in 2007 as a programmer. From then on, she has taken leadership roles being a team leader, systems analyst, and then a project manager. After she moved to the United States in 2014, she took a break and figured out the work visa process. She started her career again in Dec 2014 as a programmer with College of Arts & Sciences at University of Nebraska – Lincoln. Within 8 months, she moved up to become the IT/Data Services manager and, in 2018, was promoted to Director for IT, data analytics & Application development position. Her role in the college serves all the three different areas – IT, Data analytics and Application Development. She leads and coaches the IT team who take care of all IT needs across the college. She also runs student and financial reports for the college and builds in-house web applications for the dean’s office to facilitate automated processes. Her latest application development project is Promotion & Tenure, where her and her team automated all promotion & tenure files to be uploaded online thereby reducing physical binders and papers. She says she "loves to build new applications that enhance everyday business lives and The best part of my job is that I can lead and motivate people to be better each day". On a personal note, in May 2018, both her and her husband completed their Masters in Business Administration with a specialization in Business Analytics. In May 2017, their Son, Reyan, was born and Drashti says that now "he is 2, he keeps us really busy".
Marcia L. Dority Baker	University of Nebraska Office of Information Technology	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2019/imgs/marcia.png	Marcia L. Dority Baker is the Assistant Director, Academic Technologies with the Office of Information Technology (ITS) at the University of Nebraska. She leads the Learning Spaces and Emerging Technologies, AV Design, and Learning Management System (LMS) teams on the Lincoln campus. These teams actively support the teaching and learning at the University in classrooms or online. Marcia is the co-chair of the annual Women Advance IT leadership conference hosted by the University of Nebraska. She serves as co-chair of the Educause Women in IT (WIT) community group, and the BTAA WIT peer group. Marcia is on the Educause DEI Advisory Committee and services as co-chair of the Unizin LT subgroup. Prior to joining ITS, Marcia was an Associate Professor of Law Library and Access Services Librarian, at Schmid Law Library, University of Nebraska College of Law. Marcia is a graduate of the MOR Associates Information Technology Leadership Program. She holds a Master of Arts in Library & Information Science from the University of Missouri-Columbia and a Master of Arts in Museum Studies from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
Sayonnha Mandel	 Department of Computer and Information Sciences at St. Ambrose University	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2019/imgs/sayonnha.png	Sayonnha Mandal is an Assistant Professor at the Department of Computer and Information Sciences at St. Ambrose University. She earned her doctorate in Information Technology, with a specialization in Cybersecurity from the University of Nebraska at Omaha in 2017. Prior to her doctorate, Sayonnha earned two Masters degrees in Telecommunications Engineering from the University of Oklahoma and Cybersecurity from the University of Nebraska at Omaha. Sayonnha has worked as a Programmer in Cognizant Technology Solutions in 2010 and as an Assistant Professor in a four year undergraduate college in 2012. Her current responsibilities include teaching undergraduate and graduate level courses at the University, serving on University committees and conducting research through grants. Sayonnha is the point of contact for the Facebook-Codepath partnership with St. Ambrose University and is also actively involved in the current endeavor to start a new Masters in Cybersecurity program in the CIS department at her University. Teaching has always been a passion for Sayonnha and the hands-on interaction with students and mentees has been a driving force in choosing teaching as a career path. Although at the moment, she has her hands full with her 2 month old daughter, Rishona, she tries to keep engaged with ongoing community events and activities.
Andrea Childress	UNK Information Technology Services	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2019/imgs/andrea.jpg	Andrea Childress is the Executive Director of Cybersecurity Governance, Risk and Compliance for the University of Nebraska. The GRC team provides resources and thought leadership around cybersecurity program management, policy, risk assessment, compliance, awareness, incident response, privacy, and legal requirements. Andrea has a background in application development before moving into management and cybersecurity focused roles. She has presented at the Educause Security Professionals Conference, University of Nebraska Woman Advance I.T. conference and served on the Educause Security Professionals Conference program committee. Andrea has a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration Management Information Systems and an MBA from the University of Nebraska at Kearney.
