<!-- tab separated syntax: name (required)	 org(required)	 img link (required)	bio information  -->
Anne O’Keefe	Douglas County Health Department	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2021/imgs/anne.jpg	Anne O’Keefe is the Senior Epidemiologist for the Douglas County Health Department (DCHD) in Omaha, Nebraska. She graduated with an MD degree from the University of Nebraska College of Medicine and an MPH degree (Masters in Public Health) in epidemiology from Emory University Rollins School of Public Health in Atlanta, Georgia. She is Board Certified in Public Health and General Preventive Medicine. In addition to her 15 years at DCHD, she has also worked as an epidemiologist in bioterrorism preparedness (Nebraska DHHS), young worker safety (NIOSH/CDC), nutritional epidemiology (USDA), and drug safety research (consulting firm).  Epidemiology is the method used to find the causes of health outcomes and diseases in populations. It is also the application of this study to the prevention and control of health problems.  Anne has had many years of training and experience with coding to explore, analyze, and learn from large and varied databases using the SAS Statistical Analysis System and other data analysis software applications. 
Sayonnha Mandal	 Department of Computer and Information Sciences at St. Ambrose University	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2021/imgs/sayonnha.png	Sayonnha Mandal is an Assistant Professor at the Department of Computer and Information Sciences at St. Ambrose University. She earned her doctorate in Information Technology, with a specialization in Cybersecurity from the University of Nebraska at Omaha in 2017. Prior to her doctorate, Sayonnha earned two Masters degrees in Telecommunications Engineering from the University of Oklahoma and Cybersecurity from the University of Nebraska at Omaha. Sayonnha has worked as a Programmer in Cognizant Technology Solutions in 2010 and as an Assistant Professor in a four year undergraduate college in 2012. Her current responsibilities include teaching undergraduate and graduate level courses at the University, serving on University committees and conducting research through grants. Sayonnha is the point of contact for the Facebook-Codepath partnership with St. Ambrose University and is also actively involved in the current endeavor to start a new Masters in Cybersecurity program in the CIS department at her University. Teaching has always been a passion for Sayonnha and the hands-on interaction with students and mentees has been a driving force in choosing teaching as a career path. Although at the moment, she has her hands full with her 2 year old daughter, Rishona, she tries to keep engaged with ongoing community events and activities.
Thomas Giffee	Nebraska State Patrol Special Operations Divison	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2021/imgs/thomas.jpg	Investigator Giffee has been with the Nebraska State Patrol for more than fifteen (15) years and is assigned to the Nebraska State Patrol Special Operations Division (SOD) Child Exploitation Unit (CEU).  Investigator Giffee investigates technology facilitated crimes against children on a daily basis and has a wealth of knowledge regarding online safety, online information sharing/oversharing, and appropriate/inappropriate activity involving social media and mobile device multimedia sharing/distribution.
Sara Braga	UNO Cybersecurity Undergraduate Student	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2021/imgs/sara.jpg	Sara Braga is a student worker at Nebraska GenCyber Camp this year. She is working toward a Bachelor's in Cybersecurity with a minor in Computer Science at the University of Omaha. She was a leader on her high school robotics team who competed in VEX Robotics Competitions, and in 2019, she graduated Summa Cum Laude from Concordia High School. She has recently been working for WD Cravings, a new restaurant/coffee shop that opened up in 2020, and for the Concordia Academy After School Care Program with elementary school kids.
Victoria Chin	UNL Computer Science Undergraduate Student	https://mlhale.github.io/nebraska-gencyber-modules/2021/imgs/victoria.jpg	Victoria Chin is an incoming freshman studying computer science at the University of Nebraska. In early 2017, she and a group of students worked together as a team to develop an app concept for the Verizon App Challenge. Their app was called Smile Time, and it allowed users to send kind compliments or inspirational quotes to others. They thought this could help solve the problem of depression and improve self-esteem. They ended up winning best in state for the middle school level in Nebraska. Their app concept also inspired Victoria to get involved in the community and help others. She has done lots of volunteer work at DoSpace, a local technology library. In 2019, she was also a summer intern at the University of Nebraska at Omaha Bioinformatics lab.
